Docs: update description for `plan_id` in `azurerm_palo_alto_next_generation_firewall_*` (#28757)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/palo_alto_next_generation_firewall_vhub_local_rulestack.html.markdown

* `marketplace_offer_id` - (Optional) The marketplace offer ID. Defaults to `pan_swfw_cloud_ngfw`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `plan_id` - (Optional) The billing plan ID as published by Liftr.PAN. Defaults to `panw-cloud-ngfw-payg`.

> ~> **NOTE:** Since the old planId `panw-cloud-ngfw-payg` is defined as stop sell, it cannot be specified when creating a resource. Users need to explicitly set `plan_id` to new planId `panw-cngfw-payg`.

Reviewer: Can we rephrase this and add a bit more information to explain why a stop sell plan has been set as the default.
```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** The former `plan_id` `panw-cloud-ngfw-payg` is defined as stop sell, but has been set as the default for to not break any existing resources that were originally provisioned with it. Users need to explicitly set `plan_id` to `panw-cngfw-payg` when creating new resources.
```

Author: Updated
